Okay, I'm going to read you all of the ingredients of everything on our menu.
The first thing is, well I'm going to read through the burgers first.
The first is the Burnin' It Down.
The price of the Burnin' It Down meal is $19, and it includes fries.
Two fluid ounces of Chipotle citrus barbecue sauce, four ounces of yellow onions, one slice
of bacon, 0.75 ounces of pepper jack cheese, two ounces of jaman jalapeño peppers, which are a
product from JC's Gourmet. The jaman jalapeños as well as the poppin' pimento and the tomato jam.
But again, the poppin' pimento is not on the Burnin' It Down.
And the tomato jam is not either. So again, the Burnin' It Down is just the two ounces of
Chipotle citrus barbecue sauce, four ounces of yellow onions, one slice of bacon, 0.75 ounces of
pepper jack slice cheese, two ounces of jaman jalapeños, 4.5 ounces of ground beef, one
4-inch sandwich roll, and five ounces of waffle fries. So again, the only reason why I even
mentioned the poppin' pimento and the tomato jam earlier was because those are also JC's Gourmet.
But the pimento cheese or the tomato jam are not on the Burnin' It Down.
Okay, so the next one is going to be the beach cowboy. The beach cowboy also has 4.5 ounces of
ground beef, it has one sandwich roll, it has one ounce of lettuce, it has one ounce of fresh
tomatoes, two tablespoons of dill pickles, 0.5 ounces of American cheese, two tablespoons of
surf sauce, and five ounces of waffle fries. The next one is the change-up. This one is on Texas
Toast, and it's two slices of Texas Toast. The total cost for the Texas Toast is 48 cents. So I'm
gonna start giving you the total cost after each one. There is 1.5 ounces of Swiss cheese, which
costs 0.5 cents. Four ounces of yellow onions, which costs 16 cents. Four and a half ounces of
ground beef, which costs $1.67. Two tablespoons of Papa's sauce, which costs 11 cents. And five
ounces of waffle fries, which costs 58 cents. The price on that one is $18, and it says the plate
cost is 19.4%. So the change-up is 18 bucks. The beach cowboy is also 18 bucks. Of all these burgers,
the burning it down is the only one, which is $19. The beach cowboy is 18, the change-up is 18,
and the next one I'm doing too, the southern burger, also costs 18 bucks. It has one sandwich
roll, which is 29 cents. One four-inch sandwich roll. It has three ounces of the poppin' pimento
cheese, which is $1.31. It has one ounce of the tomato jam, which is actually called misbehaved
maters, but it's just the tomato jam from JC's Gourmet. One ounce of that, which is 31 cents.
Two tablespoons of dill pickles, which is 8 cents. Four and a half ounces of ground beef,
which is $1.67. And five ounces of waffle fries, which is 58 cents. And again, that's the southern
burger, and that one costs 18 bucks. Okay, and then on to the steakhouse burger. That has one
four-inch sandwich roll, which is 29 cents. Two ounces of yellow onions, which is 8 cents. Two
ounces of mushrooms, which is 48 cents. 0.75 ounces of Swiss cheese, which is 25 cents. Four and a half
ounces of ground beef, which is $1.67. Five ounces of waffle fries, which is 58 cents. And then two
tablespoons of our Bernays aioli, which is 12 cents. The price on that one is $18.
And it says the plate cost there, the food cost, is 19.3 percent.
Okay, so that's the steakhouse. On to the jam sesh.
The jam sesh, formerly known as the holiday jam burger.
This one is also $18. Four and a half ounces of ground beef, one four-inch sandwich roll,
which is 29 cents. And then again, the four and a half ounces of beef that I mentioned as the first
line item, that's $1.67. And then the sandwich roll. And then two ounces of red onions, which
is nine cents. Two ounces of goat cheese, which is a dollar and 45 cents. Two fluid ounces of cherry
jam, which is 76 cents. One slice of bacon, which is 46 cents. One ounce of baby arugula, which is
54 cents. And then five ounces of waffle fries, which are 58 cents. And the price on that one
is $18. Next, on to the black bean burger. So the black bean burger has...
So the black bean burger has one four-inch sandwich roll.
It has one ounce of lettuce, one ounce of fresh tomatoes, half ounce of yellow onions,
two tablespoons of dill pickles, five ounces of waffle fries,
and then... So each black bean patty is like its own prepped item. So we're using Marginal's
Edge here. So the price for each black bean patty is $2.80.
Each black bean patty is like its own prepped item. So we're using Marginal's Edge here. So
the price for each black bean patty is $2.23. So the total cost there is $3.49.
So the plate cost on the black bean burger is $20. Excuse me. The plate cost or a food cost
would be 20.5 percent.
Pretty sure we serve six ounces of okra with each order.
And then so our wings that we get
are $5.66 a pound.
Our queso is $2.98 a pound.
Our tomato jam is $5 a pound.
The corn tortilla chips are $31.95 a case.
Okay. And then I can just start it back up again and then start it back up again.
